You ready?
Did you ever imagine
that we could have this?
This quiet?
Nah. not in this lifetime.
You know. riding with you today.
it reminded me of when I was young.
And free.
Well. we're free now. baby.
Yeah.
First time for me. I think.
You happy. sweetheart?
I am.
I'm never gonna let this go.
Can we always do this?
You just tell me you
want to ride and we'll ride.
Promise?
Yeah. I promise.
Shit.
How far?
It's too fucking close. honey.
Let's get the hell out of here.
Come on.
Fuck.
My god.
Get Carter and get out of here.
I'm gonna start cutting the fences.
Carter! Carter!
I need you to get down here!
Hey. What's going on?
Ninety seconds. Grab what you can.
Where's rip?
He's with the herd. Go!
Open the trailer!
Come on.
Get your horse!
Come on. baby.
Ha!
I got it.
What do we do now?
We go.
Fuck.
Help me unhook the trailer.
What?
You stay with the horses. Come on.
Be right back.
Okay.
It's gone.
It's all gone.
It doesn't matter.
We start again.
I'm sorry.
Shit.
Hey.
Couldn't sleep?
Are you okay?
I miss waking up to the mountains.
How is it this fucking
hot at four in the morning?
Welcome to Texas. honey.
Shit. I don't know. Rob-will.
Yo. hold up.
He's just been asking
questions lately. and I...
what kind of questions?
Too many.
- Right kind or the wrong kind?
- Wrong.
like why some of the ear tags
get flagged in the tally
book and some don't.
We'll take 'em to auction.
He went to auction last
time. He knows you didn't.
Now go get him.
Wes won't come with me.
Rob-will?
Heifer's calving
backwards. I need your help.
Let 'em sleep. we got
a big day. Come on.
Where is she?
There ain't no breeched heifer.
You been looking at my tally book?
Tally books?
You been looking at my operation?
I know you're asking
- questions about me.
- What are you talking about?
You a snitch. Wes?
What?
Are you?
Fuck.
What the fuck. man?!
- You fucking killed him!
- He hesitated.
You never hesitate.
We can't Bury him here.
No. go on and fetch a tarp.
Chet. now!
They look nice and fat.
Well. they hit 1.300 yesterday.
I'm gonna get another
couple dozen. get 'em started.
Sky doesn't stop here.
It's like you can see forever.
Well. baby. if you look hard
enough. maybe you can.
Morning. ma'am.
Morning. azul.
See you. baby.
- Here you go. sir.
- Thank you.
When's the last time
anyone checked these traps?
Well. don't guess if you don't know.
Too long. ma'am.
So it would seem.
Another week. they'll start
to cannibalize each other.
the stronger ones
eating the weaker ones
until the last two are
at each other's throats.
It's savage.
We're better than that.
Miguel. you stay here. help Tommy.
Yes. ma'am.
Motherfucker.
- Language.
- This is pointless.
When has a cowboy ever
needed to know y = mx + b?
Finishing feed.
Price per pallet.
About $750.
Buy me a 600-pound Angus steer.
Two grand.
Pound of ground beef.
Big-box or ranch-to-table?
Good.
What is our annual
spend on fencing per acre?
Or the cost-benefit on
repairing the old well
versus drilling a new one?
Ranchers need math. honey.
What do we think of this place?
Some kids were talking
about going to the rodeo.
Yeah? You should go.
Yeah. I was. I was thinking about it.
"The joy of living
is his who has the heart to demand it."
Roosevelt.
He means. "go have some fucking fun."
All right.
Where is everyone?
I was wondering the same thing. ma'am.
Just how long you been
standing there wondering. Lou?
Half hour or so.
- I take it -you called?
- I did.
Rob-will didn't answer.
Sit tight. I'll have someone sent.
Yes. ma'am.
Rob-will!
- No. pues. que ahí no aparece.
- Where's Rob-will?
Yo te llamo. Sounds like a trick question.
No. I got a trailer
holding 75 head out there in the sun.
I'll handle it.
No. you get someone to handle it.
then you find your brother.
- Anything else. mother?
- Joaquin.
I got a whole mess of hogs out there.
I got cattle grazing from
here to kingdom come.
and a foreman who's
likely off the wagon.
Likely?
No me jodas. kino.
Puto Rob-will.
What's good. six?
Otro día. otra aventura.
mijo. ¿Cómo estás?
Otro día. la misma mierda. güey.
- Como siempre. -siempre.
- Salúdame a tu familia. güey.
- Ey. yo le digo. Te cuidas.
- Órale.
Goddamn. who do you
not know around here?
My dad foreman'd your
ranch long before I did.
He lived and died for
it. so. been coming here
since there was a here to come to.
That's Jim Andrews. I played ball
- with his son.
- Yeah? You any good?
Good enough.
All-state. Only 3a. though.
You ever play?
Nah. I played a different
kind of game growing up.
What does the battle represent?
Aside from the civil war?
What about the point of no
return. a rubicon crossed?
We're talking moral lessons. friends.
Power. hope. greed.
hypocrisy. corruption.
How do these affect society?
Can you get over here?
Yeah. we got a fucking problem.
This ain't like the ones before.
Your brother's lost his goddamn mind.
Ramos!
Thought that was you. man.
Hey. I heard you got a new brand.
Whose dick you sucking now?
Come on. don't pretend you no habla.
Or are you just fucking deaf?
Hey. man. you know. I always got
a spot for you over at the 10-petal.
- Thank you. sir.
- You know. shoveling shit
or something.
¿Cómo se dice... chalán?
That what you are?
Chicharron?
I'm talking to you. man.
Hey! Bag that shit. Hey!
Hey. ramos. I'm talking
to you. motherfucker.
Hey! I got you. you fucking wetback.
Motherfucker. my family's been here
a hell of a lot longer than yours.
- That's cute.
- Azul.
Get in the truck.
Yeah. get in the truck. azul.
What's that. your
boyfriend or something?
Y'all fixing to trade hand
jobs in the cab. that it?
A little rub and tug?
What's that. some kind of warning?
Do I look like the sort of son
of a bitch that heeds a warning?
Shit.
You get that one for free.
The next one's gonna cost you.
You out of your fucking mind?
Yeah. maybe I am.
Sorry. sir.
No trouble here.
He's just drunk.
Been a long night.
Rob-will! Hey!
Fuck me!
Get out of here.
Get the fuck out of here.
Come on. azul.
Of course he's embarrassed.
I can't even.
If I had an expensive
barrel horse daddy bought.
I'd be going to little britches. too.
She can't ride.
- You guys going -to the rodeo tonight?
- Question:
Are you. like. 25?
Shut up. Lucy.
Seriously. how old are you?
Excuse me.
Hi.
I'd like to schedule my
six steer for slaughter.
You should have called.
I did. Three times.
- We're booked solid.
- Until?
Just solid.
Is it me or money you don't like?
We like money plenty. Can I help you?
Yeah. your receptionist.
she doesn't want to take my business.
Denise is just doing her job.
I'm sorry. who are you?
Beulah Jackson. I own this joint.
Well. beulah. I have a 100% Texas-bred
black Angus herd.
You bought the Edwards ranch.
Their genetics are legendary.
Bingo.
- It's the dutton ranch now.
- Lovely.
Why don't you come into my office?
Let's see if there's
something I can do for you.
That won't be necessary.
What you can do is
slaughter my six steer.
Truth be told. we don't
normally open the lairage
- for anything less than 50 head.
- Well. six
turns into 50. 50 turns into 150.
Well. we've serviced some
smaller outfits in the past.
but as of late. every cow
comes from one ranch.
Let me guess. yours.
Denise. pull up the calendar.
I'll take you Monday.
Perfect.
What's the deposit?
No deposit.
Cut of the profits.
Excuse me?
From my fucking cows?
Till you get to 150. that's
how the biscuit breaks.
Well. th-there's a word for that. Extortion.
- Shame you see it that way.
- It's the only fucking way
- to see it.
- Well. darling.
I guess you'll just have to
slaughter your steers elsewhere.
Maybe I'll carve 'em myself.
Who knows? You may cotton to it.
Maybe I will.
Hyah. Throw.
Throw.
Saw himself a copperhead. boss.
Go on and fucking kill it.
Yes. sir.
It's a bit early for these. ain't it?
Shit. you tell me.
Got to watch yourself
over in mistress pasture.
lot of bobwhite eggs.
We get feral hogs out
here rooting for breakfast.
Yeah. well. I want you to
kill those fuckers. too. azul.
Always do. sir.
Carol.
- A comfort and coke.
- Sorry. hoyt.
- Out of soco.
- Maybe I ought to
jump back there. get
a better look myself.
Fuck you. hoyt.
I know you'd like to.
Son. sit your ass down.
Come again. old man?
You heard right.
Iced tea to go. Carol.
Fuck me. you are bold. mckinney.
I'm giving you a chance to
hold on to your pride. hoyt.
be the better man.
Won't get many of those chances in life.
Enjoy that iced tea.
Thank you.
It's good to see chivalry isn't dead.
You always that spicy?
Only with assholes. ma'am.
Fair.
You're not an asshole. are you?
Not today.
I like to pick my battles.
Thank you.
Keep fighting the good fight. buddy.
Where's my brother?
I don't know.
Look. I had nothing to
do with it. I swear to Christ.
I was just there. and
that-that fucking dumb-ass...
that is not what I asked you.
Believe me.
Well. I believe you.
Just be careful what you
say and who you say it to.
Where's Wes?
Shit. I don't know that either.
You have the gun?
All right. all right. all right.
Put your seat belt on.
Got to turn around. ma'am.
I live two miles that way.
Could be an hour or more
before this road's cleared.
I'll roll the dice.
Suit yourself.
You gonna put that
thing out of its misery?
Ain't paid to shoot horses. ma'am.
Yeah?
What are you paid for?
Paid to call somebody
that'll shoot horses.
Hey. dispatch. how
we looking on that bus?
That's what I thought.
Ma'am.
Relax. I got it.
Hey. doc.
Yeah. they're right over there.
Goddamn it.
I'll take care of it. ma'am.
Okay. girl.
Wait.
Stop.
- This horse is suffering. ma'am.
- It's Beth.
- just fucking Beth.
- She's suffering.
- I know.
If... if this was a man.
would you try to save him?
Would you do everything you could?
I'm not gonna answer that.
at least not in the way you think I am.
Are you a good vet?
I believe so. yes.
Then do your job.
This girl here's got one-in-a-hundred.
one-in-a-thousand odds.
One.
It's all we need.
All right.
You got yourself a well of money. I'll try.
I'll dig a fucking well.
Okay.
I wasn't 100% this one was yours.
What are you doing here?
Saying sorry. I guess.
You going to the rodeo tonight?
Want to meet me there?
Yeah. okay.
It's a date.
One-seventy-six.
- Two-ninety-five.
- There.
Two-ninety-five.
All right. 358.
Got it. 358.
We're gonna need another hand. azul.
10-petal swallows up every decent
and half-assed cowboy
in a 100-mile radius.
Is that outfit off 624?
Yes. sir.
That fucking asshole from
the gas station. Rob-will.
Appreciate what you did back there.
I don't like racist assholes.
Ni yo tampoco.
And I don't speak fucking Spanish. azul.
Means "me neither." boss.
Come to think of it...
I might know somebody
who's awful good with horses.
Throw this shit in here.
Ladies and gentlemen. welcome.
Ladies and gentlemen.
help with your applause.
This is what it's all about.
Come on. hurry. cowgirl.
I tell you what.
What a crowd tonight.
You people are on fire now.
Well. ladies and gentlemen. here we go.
The steer wrestling event.
ladies and gentlemen.
The big men's event.
Our first steer wrestler
tonight's gonna be
hoyt Boone. He's gonna show us
how it's done. ladies and gentlemen.
That horse is gonna come out of there
and go from zero to 30 miles
an hour in about two steps.
He's gonna go out there
and tackle that steer
and bring him down.
- Come on. cowboy.
- Get him now!
Come on. cowboy. get down on him.
Yeah.
Give him another big round of applause.
Hoyt Boone right there.
He got that time of 3.9.
- Ladies and gentlemen...
- Carter.
3.9. and I tell you what. that's pretty fast.
My god. there you are.
Yeah.
These are for no reason at all.
Well. ain't you sweet?
You thirsty?
Are you?
Come on.
He's gonna be coming
out. ladies and gentlemen.
old Greg right there. to
show us how it's done.
Please. Carter?
I'm only 19.
So?
What if she cards me?
You?
Look at her.
You got to trust me. okay?
Meet me behind the port a-cans?
Go.
Carter. over here.
Don't hate me.
Appreciate you.
My house. now. let's fucking go.
See you Monday. Cool?
Don't wait up.
She's lucky in a way.
That t-post barely missed
her lung. but she's tough. man.
She tried to bite my
assistant at least three times.
- She's got spirit.
- Couple weeks.
you can bring her home.
and then a lengthy rehab.
Daily wound-flushing. hand-walking.
You know. it's a lot.
Don't worry. I'll help you.
It's Dr. Mckinney. right?
Just Everett.
Everett.
That's a good name.
It was my dad's.
I'm borrowing it for the time being.
So. about that well...
It's deep.
I'll get my shovel.
Or a backhoe.
Thank you. Everett.
You're welcome. Beth.
Let go of my fucking arm. hoyt!
- Get your fucking hands off me!
- Hey. come on.
Fuck you! Fucking bitch!
You want to do this?!
Where the hell you gonna go?!
- To find myself a real cowboy.
- Shit. I just threw one
in fucking 3.9. or you too batshit to know
- what's real and what ain't?
- 3.9.
also your dick size.
Fuck you. crazy bitch.
- Get your ass back here!
- You fucking bitch.
Hey!
All right. hey. settle down. Settle down.
Christ. mama.
You scared me.
Joaquin's been looking all over for you.
I'm glad to see you're okay.
What?
I fucked up. mama.
It's bad.
I don't want to know.
Go talk to your brother.
Hey. sweetheart.
Hey. baby.
Not mine.
It's not even human.
There was a car wreck. also not mine.
Horse was hurt real bad.
I think she's ours now.
And where is this horse?
She's in the hospital.
What a fucking day.
Yeah. they all are.
We need to find a new slaughterhouse.
What's wrong with the one in town?
Problem with management.
Glad you're making friends. honey.
This life here is gonna work. isn't it?
We'll make it work.
I miss him.
Yeah.
Well. we brought the best part
- of your father with us.
- All those nights.
I'd find him just... Staring into the fire.
The weight of his
promises and everything
he never got to be happy. not even try.
- And for what?
- For you.
For the land.
I don't want that for us.
I want it simple.
You. Carter. me.
We're too hard-raised for simple.
Peaceful. then.
Sweetheart. you can't chase peace.
You got to live it.
And what if the world won't let us?
That's not the world's choice. honey.
That's ours.
Let's go get you cleaned up.
Heard you and your folks
moved down here from Montana.
This ain't Montana.
No. no. sir.
Look. I don't mind a little
roughhousing around here.
Sometimes folks got to learn
where common sense ends
and a fist begins.
I was protecting a girl.
Well. I guess there's worse
reasons to take a swing.
You're free to go.
I ain't gonna offer it twice. son.
Play nice.
I think you lost this.
You bailed me out?
I know sheriff Wade.
I just told him that you...
saved me.
Saved you?
You got a name?
Carter.
Well. Carter...
I'm oreana.
You've been too patient.
That's enough.
You never want to know. do you?
Let him forever be your perfect boy.
Just want you to fix it. clean it up.
- Like always.
- Like now.
This time it's not so easy.
Well. whatever it takes.
Rob-will has to go away.
For fuck's sake. he's your brother.
I suppose. so let him destroy
the ranch? Your legacy?
How long?
Start with rehab.
Put him somewhere quiet. discreet.
- But far away this time.
- Fine.
And you have to make him do it.
Brother or not. he won't listen to me.
You also need a new foreman.
Yes. I'm aware.
Thank you. Joaquin.
His mistake can't be fixed.
It can only be buried.